Creative Commons Legal Code

CC0 1.0 Universal

    CREATIVE COMMONS CORPORATION IS NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE
    LEGAL SERVICES. DISTRIBUTION OF THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CREATE AN
    ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP. CREATIVE COMMONS PROVIDES THIS
    INFORMATION ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. CREATIVE COMMONS MAKES NO WARRANTIES
    REGARDING THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS
    PROVIDED HEREUNDER, AND DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM
    THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS PROVIDED
    HEREUNDER.

Statement of Purpose

The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer
exclusive rights upon the author and subsequent holders of such rights, including
the exclusive rights to reproduce, distribute, display, perform, and create
derivative works based on the original work (collectively referred to as
"copyright"). These rights are often referred to as "intellectual property rights"
or simply "copyrights." The degree to which these restrictions apply varies from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may or may not be waivable, and certain
jurisdictions do not allow for complete relinquishment of all such rights under
their respective laws. However, Creative Commons recognizes that some individuals
and entities may desire to irrevocably relinquish, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, all copyrights or related and neighboring rights
they may have over a given work, thereby placing such work as completely as
possible in the public domain, so that it may be used freely by all without
restriction.

Therefore, Creative Commons provides this "CC0" document ("CC0") to enable
authors and rights holders ("you") to irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, all copyrights and related or neighboring rights
they may have in a given work, and to make clear to the public that such work is
free of such rights to the greatest extent possible, while still respecting
applicable local laws, including moral rights and other personality rights that
cannot be waived under certain jurisdictions.

In cases where the waiver is not legally effective in a given jurisdiction, the
CC0 provides a fallback public license that allows users to freely use the work
as if it were in the public domain.

The full legal text of the CC0 license is provided below.

---

CC0 1.0 Universal

By exercising any rights to the work provided here, you accept and agree to be
bound by the terms of this CC0 license. To the extent this document or any of the
terms herein are held to be legally ineffective in a jurisdiction, such terms
shall be severed from this document and the remaining terms shall remain in full
force and effect.

Waiver

To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention of, applicable law,
I (or we) waive and relinquish all copyright and related or neighboring rights to
this work, including but not limited to all rights under copyright law worldwide,
whether now known or hereafter recognized. This waiver includes, but is not
limited to, rights to reproduce, distribute, perform, display, and create
derivative works based on the work, in any medium and for any purpose, including
commercial purposes.

Public License Fallback

Should any part of the waiver for any reason be judged legally invalid or
ineffective under applicable law, I (or we) hereby grant to each affected person
a royalty-free, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, irrevocable
and unconditional license to exercise my (or our) copyright and related rights
in the work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration
provided by applicable law, (iii) in any current or future medium and for any
number of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including commercial,
advertising, or promotional purposes.

No Trademark or Patent Rights

This CC0 license does not affect any trademark or patent rights I (or we) may
have, nor does it affect rights of others that may exist in the work or in how
the work is used, such as publicity or privacy rights.

No Warranty

Unless expressly stated otherwise, I (or we) make no warranties about the work
and disclaim all liability for all uses of the work, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law.

---

Note: The above text is a complete reproduction of the Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal dedication as of its official release. For the most current version or additional information, visit https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/.